QE may be compared the results with AWS Linux releases, and/or may be with previous RHEL releases.

This case verifies the bandwidth for which instance type has declared their KPI in Amazon Console.
The scripts valides both ENA and Intel 82599 VF Interface.


Type		Network Performance
c3.8xlarge	10 Gigabit
c4.8xlarge	10 Gigabit
d2.8xlarge	10 Gigabit
f1.16xlarge	20 Gigabit
g2.8xlarge	10 Gigabit
g3.16xlarge	20 Gigabit
g3.8xlarge	10 Gigabit
i2.8xlarge	10 Gigabit
i3.16xlarge	20 Gigabit
i3.8xlarge	10 Gigabit
m4.10xlarge	10 Gigabit
m4.16xlarge	20 Gigabit
p2.16xlarge	20 Gigabit
p2.8xlarge	10 Gigabit
r3.8xlarge	10 Gigabit
r4.16xlarge	20 Gigabit
r4.8xlarge	10 Gigabit
x1.16xlarge	10 Gigabit
x1.32xlarge	20 Gigabit

